Provide a note on 'extern crate' usage in edition 2018 syntax of Rust (#248)
rust-embedded/book: src/start/panicking.md

dev profile (`cargo build`), but links to the `panic-abort` crate when built
with the release profile (`cargo build --release`).

> > Note that the _underscore import_ form of the _use_ declaration is used to import a `#[panic_handler]` function
> > symbol without importing of trait's symbol itself since it is not used elsewhere on its own.
> > Sometimes you might see the `extern crate` form of importing which is used for the same reason but it is unidiomatic.
> > `extern crate` should be used only for importing _"sysroot"_ crates (crates distributed with Rust itself) like `proc_macro`,
> > `alloc`, `test`, and similar ones.
> 

Reviewer: Thanks for going through and making those changes everywhere! I have a suggestion for the wording of the comment, since I don't think it's right to say "without importing of trait's symbol itself" -- there are no traits involved here.

```suggestion
> The `use panic_abort as _;` form of the `use` statement is used to ensure the `panic_abort` panic handler is
> included in our final executable while making it clear to the compiler that we won't explicitly use anything from
> the crate. Without the `as _` rename, the compiler would warn that we have an unused import.
> Sometimes you might see `extern crate panic_abort` instead, which is an older style used before the
> 2018 edition of Rust, and should now only be used for "sysroot" crates (those distributed with Rust itself) such
> as `proc_macro`, `alloc`, `std`, and `test`.

```
